Docker within Windows WSL.md, before:

# Links
1. [Genie - systemd for WSL](https://github.com/arkane-systems/genie)
2. [Install the .NET SDK or the .NET Runtime manually](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux-scripted-manual#scripted-install)
3. [Install the .NET SDK or the .NET Runtime on Ubuntu](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux-ubuntu)
4. [docker cli builder/docker.exe](https://github.com/StefanScherer/docker-cli-builder)
5. [Connect your Docker client to a remote Docker host](https://www.kevinkuszyk.com/2016/11/28/connect-your-docker-client-to-a-remote-docker-host/)
6. [Enabling and accessing Docker Engine API on a remote docker host on Ubuntu](https://sudarakayasindu.medium.com/enabling-and-accessing-docker-engine-api-on-a-remote-docker-host-on-ubuntu-16-04-2c15f55f5d39)
7. [How to run docker on Windows without Docker Desktop](https://dev.to/_nicolas_louis_/how-to-run-docker-on-windows-without-docker-desktop-hik)
8. [wsl-transdebian](https://arkane-systems.github.io/wsl-transdebian/)
9.

Commit message:

Update Docker within Windows WSL.md

Docker within Windows WSL.md, after:

# Links
1. [Genie - systemd for WSL](https://github.com/arkane-systems/genie)
2. [Install the .NET SDK or the .NET Runtime manually](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux-scripted-manual#scripted-install)
3. [Install the .NET SDK or the .NET Runtime on Ubuntu](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux-ubuntu)
4. [docker cli builder/docker.exe](https://github.com/StefanScherer/docker-cli-builder)
5. [Connect your Docker client to a remote Docker host](https://www.kevinkuszyk.com/2016/11/28/connect-your-docker-client-to-a-remote-docker-host/)
6. [Enabling and accessing Docker Engine API on a remote docker host on Ubuntu](https://sudarakayasindu.medium.com/enabling-and-accessing-docker-engine-api-on-a-remote-docker-host-on-ubuntu-16-04-2c15f55f5d39)
7. [How to run docker on Windows without Docker Desktop](https://dev.to/_nicolas_louis_/how-to-run-docker-on-windows-without-docker-desktop-hik)
8. [wsl-transdebian](https://arkane-systems.github.io/wsl-transdebian/)
9. [Allow/Deny Specific Users to Login via SSH on Ubuntu 18.04](https://kifarunix.com/allow-deny-specific-users-to-login-via-ssh-on-ubuntu-18-04/)
10. [How to SSH into WSL from Windows on the same machine](https://superuser.com/questions/1123552/how-to-ssh-into-wsl-from-windows-on-the-same-machine)
11. [How to enable or disable password authentication in SSH](https://www.simplified.guide/ssh/disable-password-authentication)
12. [How do you copy the public key to a ssh-server?](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/29386/how-do-you-copy-the-public-key-to-a-ssh-server)
13. [How to manually add ssh keys for key-authentication](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/how-to-manually-add-ssh-keys-for-key-authentication/)
14. [VSCODE - Connect to remote Docker over SSH](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/ssh)
